Update network_options.md with better IPv6 examples and a caution (#113)
rancher/rke2-docs: docs/install/network_options.md

```yaml
#/etc/rancher/rke2/config.yaml
cluster-cidr: "10.42.0.0/16,2001:db8:cafe:0::/56"
service-cidr: "10.43.0.0/16,2001:db8:cafe:100::/112"
```
:::caution
The IPv6 addresses above are reserved for documentation/examples, and should not be used. It's advised to use ULA IPv6 addresses as defined in RFC [4193](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc4193.txt). Tips: Use a [ULA generator](https://cd34.com/rfc4193/).

> The cluster-cidr must have a netmask of /56, and the service-cidr must be /108 or smaller.

Reviewer: I don't believe this is accurate. Other sizes are possible, but alternate selections should be combined with changes to the IPv6 CIDR masks.

Author: I tried a netmask of /64 for the cluster-cidr, and the result was that Cilium reported `level=warning msg="Waiting for k8s node information" error="required IPv4 PodCIDR not available" subsys=k8s`. This error-message disappered when I increased the netmask of /56.
I also tried a netmask of /64 for service-cidr, but then I found an error-message in a log stating that the netmask must be >= /108.

Now, I have realized I have only tried this with Cilium as CNI, and I do not know if the other CNI has other requirements.

Reviewer 2: you need to change the node cluster CIDR mask len `kube-controller-manager-arg: "--node-cidr-mask-size-ipv6=xx"` at least for IPv6 pod CIDR; there should be another flag for the service-cidr. For the Cilium log are you sure you didn't change other flag for IPv4 it seems unrelated to the IPv6 size.

Canal automatically detects the RKE2 configuration for dual-stack and does not need any extra configuration. Dual-stack is currently not supported in the windows installations of RKE2.

:::note

> When choosing a netmask for cluster-cidr, please note that `node-cidr-mask-size-ipv6` has a default value of /64 - thus this need to be changed if you choose a netmask of /64 or smaller for `cluster-cidr`. This is accomplished by adding `--node-cidr-mask-size-ipv6=xx"` as an argument to the `kube-controller-manager` manifest.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When choosing a netmask for cluster-cidr, please note that `node-cidr-mask-size-ipv6` has a default value of /64 - thus this need to be changed if you choose a netmask of /64 or smaller for `cluster-cidr`. This is accomplished by adding `kube-controller-manager-arg: "--node-cidr-mask-size-ipv6=xx"` to the RKE2 config.
```

:::

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Cilium CNI plugin" default>

Cilium automatically detects the RKE2 configuration for dual-stack and does not need any extra configuration.

:::note

> When choosing a netmask for cluster-cidr, please note that `node-cidr-mask-size-ipv6` has a default value of /64 - thus this need to be changed if you choose a netmask of /64 or smaller for `cluster-cidr` This is accomplished by adding `--node-cidr-mask-size-ipv6=xx"` as an argument to the `kube-controller-manager` manifest.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When choosing a netmask for cluster-cidr, please note that `node-cidr-mask-size-ipv6` has a default value of /64 - thus this need to be changed if you choose a netmask of /64 or smaller for `cluster-cidr`. This is accomplished by adding `kube-controller-manager-arg: "--node-cidr-mask-size-ipv6=xx"` to the RKE2 config.
```
